ci: add agents.md and knowledge-base-schema (#1923)
momentum-design/momentum-design: KNOWLEDGE_BASE_SCHEMA.md

> # Knowledge Base Schema

Reviewer: IMO at the end we should lay out a "Example Schema" structure

Author: i think this causes too much confusion - instead of a Example Schema in follow up PRs various topics will be populated in the repo anyways, so not sure why example schema is necessary here.

> The Momentum Design knowledge base follows a single, repeatable pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Golden Rule**: The Momentum Design knowledge base follows a single, repeatable pattern:
```

**every level that owns knowledge has a `knowledge-base/` folder containing
flat markdown files.**

> There is no cross-cutting bucket. There are no nested topic subfolders, except

Reviewer: I would delete this whole paragraph and replace with

**Iron Law**: There are no nested topic subfolders. All documentation is at a per directory level. Example: <Example>

for image asset folders used by a topic. If a guideline belongs to the design
system as a whole, it lives at the repo root.
If it belongs to a package, it lives in that package. If it belongs to a
component, it lives in that component.

This file is the contract for knowledge-base tiers and principles. Update this
file only when tiers or principles change.

> ## Principles

Reviewer: These aren't principles, these are rules. name this Section RULES

1. **One pattern everywhere.** `knowledge-base/<topic>.md` at every level
   that owns a topic. No alternative naming (`*.guidelines.md` etc.) and no
   nested topic folders inside `knowledge-base/`, except image asset folders

>    (for example `knowledge-base/images/...`).

Reviewer: each of these rules need an

Example: `<example>`

2. **Co-located with ownership.** The guideline lives at the level that owns
   the subject. Design-system-wide topics live at the repo root.
   Package-wide topics live in the package. Component-specific topics live
   in the component.
3. **No duplication.** Each topic has exactly one canonical location. Other
   levels link to it; they do not copy it.
4. **Empty-but-named is allowed.** A placeholder `.md` file with no body is
   a valid declaration that a guideline is planned. Do not delete
   placeholders to "clean up".

> ## Tiers

Reviewer: rename to "Structure"

### Tier 1 — Design system (repo root)

High-level guidelines that describe the design system as a whole live at:

```
knowledge-base/<topic>.md
```

### Tier 2 — Package

> Guidelines that are related to a single package's domain live in that package's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every package has it's own knowledge-base folder for guidelines that are related to that specific package
```

`knowledge-base/` folder:

```
packages/<package>/knowledge-base/<topic>.md
```

### Tier 3 — Component

Every component has its own `knowledge-base/` folder co-located with its
source:

```
packages/components/src/components/<component>/knowledge-base/<topic>.md
```

> Components may add additional

Reviewer: We need a comprehensive list, this structure is *crucial* to define upfront so it doesn't become at varying degrees of specificity

topic files (`accessibility.md`, `anatomy.md`, `usage.md`, …) as needed.

> Topic markdown files stay flat inside `knowledge-base/`, while image assets

Reviewer: I think this is maybe a needless distinction. why?

may be placed in nested folders (for example `knowledge-base/images/...`).

## Adding / updating a guideline

> 1. Decide the **tier** by asking "what owns this knowledge?"

Reviewer: I kinda think we may need to introduce a human review gate here,, let the AI write the theory, but then confirm with the human

   - The design system as a whole → Tier 1 (repo root).
   - A single package → Tier 2 (that package).
   - A single component → Tier 3 (that component).
2. Create or update `knowledge-base/<topic>.md` at the chosen level. Do not
   create topic subfolders inside `knowledge-base/`. Image assets may be
   stored in nested folders (for example `knowledge-base/images/...`).

## Non-goals

> - This schema does not define the **content** or **format** of guidelines —

Reviewer: I agree with the non-goals section, but I'm not 100% certain any of these should be kept. 

Agents.MD is gonna work on it's own anyway. I see an argument for the schema not defining the content
